Task 4 Yo Kogure

I have decided to use integer type for the type of buyerId.

<String>
Advantage of using Java string is that ID can take variable kind of shapes.
For example, allowing an alphabet gives us better visualization of who that buyer might be.
e.g. "FIT1045" and "MAT1830" are easier to distinguish than "1045" and "1830". We can make format
however we would like it to be.
The disadvantage of using string is that because it can take too many forms, it is hard to see them in order.
For example, if we are to include A-Z, it can store 26 buyer accordingly.
But those are used we have to re-define the structure so the ID is likely to be messy.

<Integer>
The advantage of using numeric value, on the other hand, because it can take 1-9, a base 10 is very easy to comprehend.
We can assign buyer ID's and increment one by one with no worries. for example, "1000" to "9999" can hold ID nice and neat.
The great thing is, we can use them for intuitive comparison. If we perform numeric comparison ID1 < ID2, then we know that someone with
ID1 has registered before ID2. Plus, it is easier to restrict input range with integers than strings.
The disadvantage however, is that it is hard to see the characteristics of a person, and it can only contain key to identify.
For example, buyerIds could have "GOLD244" or "SILVER266" to indicate the customer rank of that bidder, for example.

However, I have decided to use Integer in this example. It takes memory space in the architecture too, as string is a combination of characters.
This decision will come in handy when I have to compare/play around with integers later on, or when we have to use random
number generator for valid ID creation.

<Name>
I am using given name and family name rather than first name and last name.
This is because if someone has a middle name, they might wonder where to enter that. This way they would
know where to input, because they are either given or family name(usually belong to family name).

Furthermore, since I would like to record the official name of the buyer and not nickname/unofficial name.
given and family name style is easier to comprehend for users.

